Update README.md (#348)
actions/deploy-pages: README.md

5. If your Pages site is using GitHub Actions as the source, while not required we highly recommend you also [protect your environment][environment-protection] (we will configure it by default for you).

> ### OICD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### OIDC
```

Reviewer: this applies to all the place refer to that :)

Author: 🙈

> When we invoke a job using GitHub Actions the job requests an OICD token from GitHub's OICD provider which responds with a JSON web token (JWT), each token is unique to each workflow job [learn more about OICD tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/about-security-hardening-with-openid-connect#understanding-the-oidc-token).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we invoke a job using GitHub Actions the job requests an OIDC token from GitHub's OIDC provider which responds with a JSON web token (JWT). Each token is unique to each workflow job [learn more about OIDC tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/about-security-hardening-with-openid-connect#understanding-the-oidc-token).
```

> OICD tokens are minted in the in the context of an Action job which help form a trust relationship between GitHub and a third-party (e.g. AWS or Azure) to determine if there's anything to be done. Hence, there is no "permissions" associated with the token itself. For GitHub Pages use cases we allow `id-token: write` to allow the `GITHUB-TOKEN` to make API calls to generate an OICD for us which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OIDC tokens are minted in the in the context of an Action job which help form a trust relationship between GitHub and a third-party (e.g. AWS or Azure). Hence, there is no "permissions" associated with the token itself. For GitHub Pages use cases we allow `id-token: write` to allow the `GITHUB-TOKEN` to make API calls to generate an OIDC for us which
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this one, but my thought is maybe we don't need to specify what the trust relationship is used for / I was confused by it, if you think of a way to state it better I'm game, totally up to you

> OICD tokens are minted in the in the context of an Action job which help form a trust relationship between GitHub and a third-party (e.g. AWS or Azure) to determine if there's anything to be done. Hence, there is no "permissions" associated with the token itself. For GitHub Pages use cases we allow `id-token: write` to allow the `GITHUB-TOKEN` to make API calls to generate an OICD for us which

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
OIDC tokens are minted within the context of a single job, and are used to form a trust relationship which validates properties of the workflow run against a third-party (e.g. cloud providers such as AWS or Azure). In the context of GitHub Pages, this is most relevant to ensure a workflow respects branch protection settings. To do this, the OIDC token includes a claim about which branch/ref is executing the workflow. The token is passed to the pages deployment API as part of the request payload, where it's decoded internally to validate the claims and verify if that workflow is allowed to deploy to pages.
```

results in the former statement.

> A common misconception is that the OICD tokens we generate are "dangerous" this is not the case! What **can be** is what we allow a third-party to do with the OICD token that was minted for us! Another common issue is accessing the REST endpoints from Actions. The GitHub Pages calls to our endpoints from a job perspective are **only** accessible from the Actions API as of today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common misconception is that the OICD tokens we generate are "dangerous" this is not the case. What **can be** is what we allow a third-party to do with the OICD token that was minted for us. Another common issue is accessing the REST endpoints from Actions. The GitHub Pages calls to our endpoints from a job perspective are **only** accessible from the Actions API as of today.
```

> A common misconception is that the OICD tokens we generate are "dangerous" this is not the case! What **can be** is what we allow a third-party to do with the OICD token that was minted for us! Another common issue is accessing the REST endpoints from Actions. The GitHub Pages calls to our endpoints from a job perspective are **only** accessible from the Actions API as of today.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A common misconception is that the OIDC tokens we generate are "dangerous" - this is not the case. Allowing a third-party to leverage the OIDC token minted for Pages is what can cause problems. Another common issue is accessing the REST endpoints from Actions. The GitHub Pages calls to our endpoints from a job perspective are **only** accessible from the Actions API as of today.
```

5. If your Pages site is using GitHub Actions as the source, while not required we highly recommend you also [protect your environment][environment-protection] (we will configure it by default for you).

> ### OIDC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OIDC
```

A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the use of `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. Ideally, the `GITHUB_TOKEN` would contain both but currently our API for tokens does not operate this way hence the need for
A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the need to use both `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. The pages permission relates to the `GITHUB_TOKEN` by giving it the permissions to create pages deployments when calling the GitHub API. The id-token permission is necessary to request the OIDC JWT token. For more information on the id-token, check the docs on [adding permissions settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-cloud-providers#adding-permissions-settings)

> A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the need to use both `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. The pages permission relates to the `GITHUB_TOKEN` by giving it the permissions to create pages deployments when calling the GitHub API. The id-token permission is necessary to request the OIDC JWT token. For more information on the id-token, check the docs on [adding permissions settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-cloud-providers#adding-permissions-settings)

Reviewer 4: Which of these last 3 paragraphs did we mean to include?

### OIDC
When we invoke a job using GitHub Actions the job requests an OIDC token from GitHub's OIDC provider which responds with a JSON web token (JWT). Each token is unique to each workflow job [learn more about OIDC tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/about-security-hardening-with-openid-connect#understanding-the-oidc-token).

OIDC tokens are minted within the context of a single job, and are used to form a trust relationship which validates properties of the workflow run against a third-party (e.g. cloud providers such as AWS or Azure). In the context of GitHub Pages, this is most relevant to ensure a workflow respects branch protection settings. To do this, the OIDC token includes a claim about which branch/ref is executing the workflow. The token is passed to the pages deployment API as part of the request payload, where it's decoded internally to validate the claims and verify if that workflow is allowed to deploy to pages.

> results in the former statement.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the use of `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. Ideally, the `GITHUB_TOKEN` would contain both but currently our API for tokens does not operate this way hence the need for
> setting both to `write`. We also encode the JWT token to ensure it can not be tampered with specially considering we support indvidual versioning for the `deploy-pages` action.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the need to use both `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. The pages permission relates to the `GITHUB_TOKEN` by giving it the permissions to create pages deployments when calling the GitHub API. The id-token permission is necessary to request the OIDC JWT token. For more information on the id-token, check the docs on [adding permissions settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-cloud-providers#adding-permissions-settings)

```

A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the need to use both `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. The pages permission relates to the `GITHUB_TOKEN` by giving it the permissions to create pages deployments when calling the GitHub API. The id-token permission is necessary to request the OIDC JWT token. For more information on the id-token, check the docs on [adding permissions settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-cloud-providers#adding-permissions-settings)
A common question regarding OIDC tokens is the need to use both `pages:write` and `id-token:write`. The pages permission relates to the `GITHUB_TOKEN` by giving it the permissions to create pages deployments when calling the GitHub API. The id-token permission is necessary to request the OIDC JWT token. For more information on the id-token, check the docs on [adding permissions settings](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-cloud-providers#adding-permissions-settings)

> This action is primarily designed for use with GitHub.com's Actions workflows and Pages deployments. However, certain releases should also be compatible with GitHub Enterprise Server (GHES) `3.7` and above.

Reviewer 2: Looks like we still need the compatibility section? 🤔
